CLEMONT: Hey! Squishy!
BONNIE: Where are
you, Squishy? Answer us!
DEDENNE: [CALLING]
BONNIE: Squishy?!
BONNIE: Ash. Serena.
‐BONNIE: Did you find it?
SERENA: No
ASH: Where could it have gone?
BONNIE: Oh, Squishy
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: Bonnie?
ASH: You need to eat something.
You've gotta have your strength
if you wanna find Squishy.
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
DEDENNE: [REASSURING]
BONNIE: Thanks, everybody.
I wonder how Squishy is.
I sure hope it's okay.
CLEMONT: I'm sure
Squishy's doing just fine!
I think you'll feel
better if you eat something.
SERENA: Clemont's right.
BONNIE: Yeah
CELOSIA: The Cells
BRYONY: So many!
CLEMONT: Cells
SERENA: What, Clemont?
CLEMONT: I remember
what those people said.
They were talking about Cells
while they were after Squishy.
CLEMONT: There's no doubt
Squishy possesses mysterious
powers. An unusual Pokémon.
No doubt about that.
BONNIE: I know. That's why
they're chasing it. I hate this.
BONNIE: Maybe they're
chasing Squishy right now!
Maybe they caught it and they're
doing all sorts of bad stuff!
We've gotta save Squishy!
Squishy's in trouble!
‐SERENA: Bonnie, stop!
‐CLEMONT: Try to relax!
BONNIE: Come on, Clemont! You're
worried, too!
CLEMONT: Of course
I'm worried!
But it's too dangerous to go
looking for Squishy this late!
BONNIE: It's dangerous
for Squishy, too! Squishy!
CLEMONT: Bonnie, wait!
BONNIE: Hey, let go!
You're supposed to listen to
your big brother!
BONNIE: ButWhat
about Squishy, huh?!
CLEMONT: It's not just Squishy!
What if something
happens to you?!
ASH: Bonnie?
BONNIE: I promised! I said I'd
always protect it! I promised
I'd make sure it was safe!
CLEMONT: I know.
We'll find Squishy tomorrow.
I give my word.
SERENA: All right.
We need to sleep.
Let's all wash up and get ready.
BONNIE: Okay
SQUISHY: [WISTFUL]
SERENA: She's asleep.
CLEMONT: Thanks so much, Serena
SERENA: I totally understand
why Bonnie's so worried.
ASH: Who are
those people anyway?
What are they gonna do
if they catch Squishy?
CLEMONT: There are far more
questions than answers.
SERENA: You know? Maybe Squishy
really did run away from us.
CLEMONT: Well, even so,
I'd like Bonnie to be able
to say goodbye
CLEMONT: We have to find
Squishyfor Bonnie's sake.
ASH: Not only that We know it's
Bonnie's friend
but Squishy's our friend, too!
SERENA: Let's
look first thing tomorrow.
CLEMONT: Right!
HENCHWOMAN: This is
the pursuit team reporting in.
HENCHWOMAN: The
Trainers in question have
yet to make contact with Z1.
BRYONY: Alright
continue to observe them.
HENCHWOMAN: Roger.
BRYONY: Tell me what's the
scanner showing?
HENCHMAN: It's
not showing a thing.
It appears Z1's
whereabouts are still unknown.
CELOSIA: Wow. That thing really
likes to play hide‐and‐seek.
Let's find it already.
BRYONY: Focus the
scanner on a wider area.
HENCHMAN: You got it.
ASH: Kay, time to
get going, Bonnie!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Dedenne, let's go.
DEDENNE:
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
CLEMONT: Just a second! I have
a method for locating Squishy!
ASH: Yeah? What's that?
CLEMONT: Simple!
Remember the future is now,
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT: It's the perfect device
to search for Squishy!
I call it the "Track Down
Squishy for Certain, Mark One!"
BONNIE: I'm counting
on you, Clemont!
CLEMONT: Count on the
po‐ wer of science! My
brilliantly designed machine
will automatically search out
and find the kinds of sunny
places Squishy loves so much!
ASH: Hold on. When did you
find the time to make that?
CLEMONT: Making a useful machine
for a dear sister is what being
an inventor is all about.
BONNIE: Thank you
CLEMONT: Now, "Track Down
Squishy for Certain, Mark One,"
let's go. Show everyone
just what you can do!
BONNIE: Did it find
Squishy already?!
ASH: All
right! Come on!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
JAMES: Who would have thought
Squishy would have that much
strength at its disposal?
MEOWTH: If we get our paws on
that hot shot, conquering the
world will be a piece of cake
with ice cream on the side.
JESSIE: It's just the fancy
glasses gang in our way.
JAMES: They do act like the
perfect picture of health.
MEOWTH: A little rest and
relaxation and we'll be charged
up and ready to rumble
with those rowdy rascals.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Hey what's this?
JAMES: What's that?!
WOBBUFFET:
[SURPRISED]/[STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: I'm
putting my FOOT DOWN!
JESSIE, JAMES,
MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET: [SURPRISED]
TOXICROAK: [IMPACT GRUNT]
MEOWTH: That doesn't
sound like a party to me
JAMES: It's at times
like this when we should
trust our instincts!
And that's to run away!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: I don't get it.
Where did your machine go?
CLEMONT: Don't worry.
I installed a tracking device
to see just where it goes
CLEMONT: OH NO!! My
magnificent machine!
TOXICROAK X LOTS: [ANGRY]
ASH: Whoa, Toxicroak?!
POKEDEX: Toxicroak.
The Toxic Mouth Pokémon, and
the evolved form of Croagunk.
Toxicroak's throat has a
poison sac, and its poison
stirs and becomes even more
potent when it croaks.
TOXICROAK: [ANGRY]
ASH: They look like they're mad.
SERENA: Maybe Clemont's
invention did something
bad to them?
ASH: That's why it got beat up!
BONNIE: I think you're right.
TOXICROAK: [MUD BOMB MOVE]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby! Use Mud Shot!
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Now's our chance!
ASH, SERENA, BONNIE,
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
CLEMONT: Why can't
we all be friends?
ASH: Stop it, Toxicroak!
TOXICROAK X 2: [ADAMANT]
BONNIE: Hey!
CLEMONT: Aipom Arm, activate!
SERENA: Bonnie! NO!!
CLEMONT:
Bonnie! No!
[EXERTION]/
[IMPACT GRUNT]
Bonnie!
Are you all right?!
BONNIE:I think I'm okay
DEDENNE: [RELIEVED]
SERENA: Oh thank goodness!
TOXICROAK X4: [DISMISSIVE]
BUNNELBY: [WHIMPER]
BONNIE: Bunnelby
CLEMONT: Oh no, what's wrong?!
BUNNELBY: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT: That's not good
ASH: Hang in there, Bunnelby!
CLEMONT: It needs treatment now!
SERENA: We need
to go to the Pokémon Center!
CLEMONT: You'll be fine!
Just hang on!
JAMES: It appears the Twerps
haven't been able to reunite
with Squishy as of yet.
MEOWTH: If we stay close to
those yahoos we'll find that
cagey little critter.
JESSIE: If not, we'll just take
Pikachu. Simple!
My kind of
operation.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HENCHMAN: The scanner
is picking up Z2's energy!
HENCHMAN: Z1
appears to be responding,
but it's out of range!
CELOSIA: I wonder. Are Z1 and
Z2 having some sort of secret
conversation or something?
BRYONY: Fine‐tune the scanner.
Determine Z1's location!
HENCHMAN: You got it!
SQUISHY: [CALLING]
B CORE: Danger. Extreme.
Exercise caution. Humans.
Contact them‐‐no more.
SQUISHY: Not necessary.
I want to observe‐‐
what humans are truly like.
B CORE: Do not support.
Humanshumans destroy order.
They are destructive. The
collapse of Kalosis in progress
SQUISHY: I do not
share your views.
I will not honor your request.
SQUISHY: [CALLING]
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Toxicroak!"
BONNIE: Nurse Joy? Will Bunnelby
get better?
NURSE JOY: Of course. It's just
NURSE JOY: I'm out of Nicera.
SERENA: Nicera?
SERENA: Is this it?
NURSE JOY: Yes.
It's a medicinal plant.
It grows on
the mountaintop nearby,
so I'll run and get some.
MAN: Excuse me! Excuse me Nurse
Joy, please come look!
NURSE JOY: Yes, right away!
Please, wait here one moment.
BRYONY: We're too late.
CELOSIA: Tell me
Z1's current location.
HENCHMAN: It appears they're no
longer transmitting
the signals, so I lost them.
CELOSIA: You're so useless
BRYONY: This is Bryony.
Do you read?
HENCHWOMAN: Affirmative. This is
the pursuit team.
BRYONY: What's up
with those Trainers?
HENCHWOMAN: Well we've tracked
their location to the Pokémon
Center. One of their Pokémon has
been injured and they're forced
to deal with that matter
at the present time.
BRYONY: Understood. It
sounds to me like Z1 isn't
their current priority.
CELOSIA: It's possible they
simply gave up on it
because
they know we're after Z1.
BRYONY: I guess that means
they won't be coming back
CELOSIA: All right,
pursuit team, pull back.
back. I think we're going to
focus our search on Area R.
CLEMONT: Where's Bonnie?
SERENA: She was
here a minute ago
CLEMONT: Could she?!
BONNIE: Must save Bunnelby.
I've got to! Bunnelby
BONNIE: It got hurt because
I was being so selfish.
I'm sure of it! Bunnelby!
DEDENNE: [RELIEVED]
BONNIE: Yeah. Gotta be careful.
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
BONNIE: I'm glad
that's over with
DEDENNE: [AGREEING]
BONNIE: 'Kay. Let's go!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SCOLIPEDE X 3: [THREATENING]
BONNIE: Please let us through!
We've gotta get to the
mountaintop right away!
DEDENNE: [INSISTENT]
SCOLIPEDE X 2: [THREATENING]
DEDENNE: [PANICKED]
SCOLIPEDE X 3: [GROWL]
SCOLIPEDE: [CHARGING]
SCOLIPEDE X 3: [POISON STING
MOVE]
SCOLIPEDE X 3: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Everyone!
CLEMONT: Are you all right?
BONNIE: I'm okay
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
BRAIXEN: [INSISTENT]
SCOLIPEDE X 2: [RESIGNED]
ASH: Pikachu! Braixen! Good job!
PIKACHU: [MODEST]
BRAIXEN: [PLEASED]
CLEMONT: Why did you go alone?!
Do you know how
worried we were?!
BONNIE: It's totally my fault
Bunnelby got hurt really
badly because of me.
CLEMONT: Because of you?
CLEMONT: You're wrong.
Bunnelby saw how desperate
you were to find Squishy
and wanted to help you.
BONNIE: Help me? But I
CLEMONT: Don't you get it?
Squishy's just as precious
to us as it is to you.
CLEMONT: Yes. Of course!
Squishy's our friend, too.
All of us want to make
certain it's safe.
BONNIE: Oh, Clemont
ASH: You should listen to
your brother. He's right!
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
BRAIXEN: [AGREEING]
BONNIE: You guys
DEDENNE: [TOUCHED]
ASH: First thing we've gotta do
is to find that plant.
The sooner we do that, the
sooner Bunnelby gets well.
CLEMONT: Right!
BONNIE: Let's go, now!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH: Pikachu, no!
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
the name is correct
JAMES: But you saying 'no'
has little effect
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: We may want Squishy,
but Squishy's not here!
JAMES: But Pikachu's
someone we always hold dear!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James!
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES: We
always succeed because we fight
the good fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket!
JESSIE: In our book, Pikachu's
always a prize!
JAMES: We keep
our eyes on the ball.
Success is the way we roll!
MEOWTH: So now,
we're rolling out!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH: We'll take care of these
guys! Okay, Clemont and Bonnie?
SERENA: You two go and get that
plant! And hurry!
CLEMONT: Yup! Got it!
Let's do it!
ASH: Greninja, come on out!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Quick! Water Shuriken!
SERENA: Now, Braixen,
Flamethrower!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEOWTH: I'm sorry,
but this's all happening
too quickly for my taste!
[PANICKED YELLING]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Pikachu!
That didn't take long!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY] [RELIEVED]
JESSIE: Why youGourgeist!
JAMES: You, too, Inkay!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [APPEARING]
ASH: Everybody ready?!
SERENA, PIKACHU,
GRENINJA, BRAIXEN: Ready!
CLEMONT:Looks like
this is the summit!
BONNIE: The Nicera!
CLEMONT: I wonder
where it could be?
BONNIE: Over there!
BONNIE: Look!
CLEMONT: We found it!
Bonnie, that's Nicera!
BONNIE: Yay!
BONNIE: Bunnelby will
be better in no time!
CLEMONT: Yeah! Let's bring
some back right away!
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]/[EXERTION]
JAMES: Okay, Inkay,
now use Psybeam!
JESSIE: Now Dark Pulse!
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [BATTLING]
ASH: Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Greninja, use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Braixen, use Scratch!
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [STUNNED]/
[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
Greninja, Water Shuriken!
SERENA: Braixen, use Fire Blast!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: We did it!
BRAIXEN: [PLEASED]
ASH: Great job, all of you!
PIKACHU: [PROUD]
GRENINJA: [PROUD]
ASH: Now, let's go catch up to
Clemont and Bonnie!
SERENA:
Right!
DEDENNE: [STRAINING]
BONNIE: Bunnelby
will get better with this!
Just a little bit more!
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
DEDENNE: [STRAINING]
DEDENNE: [SCARED]
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
DEDENNE: [SCARED]/[RELIEVED]
Let's try it once more!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
DEDENNE: [STRAINING]
SQUISHY: [FOCUSED]
DEDENNE: [TRIUMPHANT]
BONNIE: All right!
CLEMONT: Bonnie! Dedenne!
BONNIE: Hey, thanks
for the lift!
CLEMONT: You're most welcome!
ASH: Clemont! Bonnie! You guys!
BONNIE: We found it!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
ASH: Good job, Bonnie!
SERENA: Now we
can make Bunnelby better!
BONNIE: You bet!
BONNIE: Everything's
gonna be fine!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
NURSE JOY: I'm happy
to report that Bunnelby's
feeling just fine!
BUNNELBY: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby, I was worried
about you!
BUNNELBY: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: We're all back together
and Bunnelby feels fine!
CLEMONT:
Thank you all so much!
BUNNELBY: [GRATEFUL]
BONNIE: We all did
this together!
I'm thanking you right back!
ASH: All right you guys!
Now that Bunnelby's fine, let's
go back and look for Squishy!
BONNIE, CLEMONT: Right!
SERENA: Let's get going!
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
ASH: Let's try
somewhere sunny, kay.
CLEMONT: Squishy loves sunshine!
BONNIE: Dedenne, what's wrong?
ASH: Yeah, let's
go! Hurry!
DEDENNE: [INSISTENT]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: Squishy!
SERENA: What?! No way!
BONNIE: You have no idea how
worried we've been about you!
CLEMONT: What do you know
ASH: There's no doubt Squishy's
been looking for Bonnie
all this
time as well.
SERENA: I'm sure!
BONNIE: Are you gonna travel
with us again, Squishy?
Please
say you will
SQUISHY:
[CONSIDERING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Thank you, Squishy! YAY!
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
ASH: That's great news,
Bonnie!
BONNIE: You're staying
with me!
I promise we're always
gonna be together!
SQUISHY: [OVERWHELMED]
NARRATOR: Squishy
is back with our heroes,
moved by Bonnie's caring
heart and affection.
But what exactly is Squishy,
and what is it after?
There are more answers to come,
as the journey continues!